what that's right you are grounded
grounded ground
grounded grounded for three four five
seven eight one eight zero two three
five nine seven two four eight zero
three five seven nine four two zero
three five seven four eight zero zero
zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero
years go to your room now
noooo noooo noooo noooo noooo noooo
noooo noooo noooo noooo noooo
you
Hey
Oh
man I can't believe my 9 season of Dora
the Explorer is being canceled on Nick
in 2015
hey I have an idea I will make another
show
it's called Dora and friends into the
city
hah Dora what are you doing here today I
want to make a new show called Dora and
friends into the city okay
please go to studio eight that's where
the cameraman will record you for the
show
Thanks
let's see what's on the tonight coming
up next on neck is the world premiere -
show Dora and friends into the city yay
Oh
Oh what the is this
Dora has a new show door must have made
it Dora hit you I said I know what is it
mom and dad
Dora dileo-s neck Tony can imagine
estudios an ass tell Tommy can you show
a 2 cos arrow ran free ends in toda city
you guys oaf Rica petia site where what
Oh
Dora Volare Meg nygma Kevon you so you
also a seat top site you are a grande
grande Viren Debian Debbie Deb for dos
tres Quatro
uno uno dos uno Quatro cero cero cero
cero cero cero cero yes now go to bed
now until all your shows including your
new show get canceled no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no thanks for watching my video
if you like what you see please
subscribe to my channel goodbye for now
you